Use username password or token for bitbucket server (#13516)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/rude-tips-argue.md

---
'@backstage/integration': patch
---

> have token take precedence over username and password in the bitbucketServer integration according to documentation

Reviewer: Perhaps we can rephrase this slightly.

```suggestion
Fixed bug in the `bitbucketServer` integration where token did not take precedence over supplied username and password which is described in the documentation.
```
